NAMESPACE          NAME                                                             DATA   AGE
access             configmap/kube-root-ca.crt                                       1      11d
airfusion          configmap/kube-root-ca.crt                                       1      7d19h
calico-apiserver   configmap/kube-root-ca.crt                                       1      13d
calico-system      configmap/active-operator                                        1      13d
calico-system      configmap/cni-config                                             1      13d
calico-system      configmap/kube-root-ca.crt                                       1      13d
calico-system      configmap/tigera-ca-bundle                                       2      13d
default            configmap/data-config                                            2      3d1h
default            configmap/kube-root-ca.crt                                       1      18d
defense            configmap/kube-root-ca.crt                                       1      9d
dev-tech           configmap/kube-root-ca.crt                                       1      2d21h
devlopment         configmap/kube-root-ca.crt                                       1      6d21h
host-dev           configmap/kube-root-ca.crt                                       1      3d21h
ingress-nginx      configmap/ingress-nginx-controller                               1      18d
ingress-nginx      configmap/kube-root-ca.crt                                       1      18d
kube-node-lease    configmap/kube-root-ca.crt                                       1      18d
kube-public        configmap/cluster-info                                           1      18d
kube-public        configmap/kube-root-ca.crt                                       1      18d
kube-system        configmap/coredns                                                1      18d
kube-system        configmap/extension-apiserver-authentication                     6      18d
kube-system        configmap/kube-apiserver-legacy-service-account-token-tracking   1      18d
kube-system        configmap/kube-proxy                                             2      18d
kube-system        configmap/kube-root-ca.crt                                       1      18d
kube-system        configmap/kubeadm-config                                         1      18d
kube-system        configmap/kubelet-config                                         1      18d
limited            configmap/kube-root-ca.crt                                       1      11d
restricted         configmap/kube-root-ca.crt                                       1      11d
tech-deploy        configmap/kube-root-ca.crt                                       1      4d
tech               configmap/kube-root-ca.crt                                       1      3d23h
tigera-operator    configmap/kube-root-ca.crt                                       1      13d

NAMESPACE          NAME                                         TYPE                 DATA   AGE
calico-apiserver   secret/calico-apiserver-certs                Opaque               2      13d
calico-system      secret/node-certs                            Opaque               2      13d
calico-system      secret/typha-certs                           Opaque               2      13d
default            secret/yellow-secret                         Opaque               1      3d22h
ingress-nginx      secret/ingress-nginx-admission               Opaque               3      18d
ingress-nginx      secret/sh.helm.release.v1.ingress-nginx.v1   helm.sh/release.v1   1      18d
tigera-operator    secret/calico-apiserver-certs                Opaque               2      13d
tigera-operator    secret/node-certs                            Opaque               2      13d
tigera-operator    secret/tigera-ca-private                     Opaque               2      13d
tigera-operator    secret/typha-certs                           Opaque               2      13d
